br: add two options for backup compression (#16059)
pingcap/docs: br/use-br-command-line-tool.md

* `--key`: specifies the path to the SSL certificate key in the PEM format.
* `--status-addr`: specifies the listening address through which `br` provides statistics to Prometheus.
* `--concurrency`: the number of concurrent tasks during the backup or restore.
* `--compression`：determines the compression algorithm used for generating backup files. It supports `lz4`, `snappy`, and `zstd`, with the default being `zstd` (usually no need to modify). For guidance on choosing different compression algorithms, refer to [this document](https://github.com/EighteenZi/rocksdb_wiki/blob/master/Compression.md).

> * `--compression-level`：sets the compression level corresponding to the chosen compression algorithm for backup. The default compression level for `zstd` is 3. In most cases(usually no need to adjust this setting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--compression-level`：sets the compression level corresponding to the chosen compression algorithm for backup. The default compression level for `zstd` is 3. In most cases there is no need to set this option.
```
